# matplotlib-challenge
Drug Analysis
[Input]
The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens. A complete data set containing mice metadata and study results was given. The task is to generate all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study and getting a top-level summary of the study results.
Data generated by Mockaroo., LLC (2022).
[Output]
First I import libraries and read the data in pandas. I merge the two sets of data given and remove duplicate values to get a clean data. Next to get a summary of the entire study, the data is grouped by the drugs and the mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and SEM of the tumor volume for each regimen is determined. 
A bar plot is created showing Timepoints(days)taken for each drug administered and a pie plot showing the distribution of female versus male mice. Outliers are determined using Inter Quartile Range for four specific drugs and their respective box plots are generated. A line plot showing tumor volume with time(days) of a single mouse taking 'Capomulin' the drug of interest was shown. Finally a scatter plot of mice weight to average tumor volume with a regression line was displayed. The correlation between the two factors were also determined.
[Analysis]
Based on the analysis Capomulin is an effective drug and works better than the other drugs in the test. The average tumor volume was the least for Capomulin. It should be noted that the timepoint for Capomulin was also higher than most other drugs. There was one potential outlier with Infubinol drug. The correlation between mouse weight and the average tumor volume was 0.84 which shows there is a strong coorelation between the two factors. 
